docs: add migration guides and tutorial (#999)
data-apis/array-api: spec/draft/tutorial_basic.md

        if is_converged(hprev, h, tol):
            break
    else:
        raise ConvergenceFailure(max_iter)
    if normalized:
        h *= 1.0 / h.reduce().get(0)
        a *= 1.0 / a.reduce().get(0)
    return h, a

def is_converged(xprev, x, tol):
    xprev << binary.minus(xprev | x)
    xprev << unary.abs(xprev)
    return xprev.reduce().get(0) < xprev.size * tol
```

We can see that the API is specific to the GraphBLAS array object.
There is `Vector` constructor, overloaded `<<` for assigning new values,
and `reduce`/`get` for reductions. We need to replace them, and, by convention,
we will use `xp` namespace for calling respective functions.

First we want to make sure we construct arrays in an agnostic way:

```python
h = xp.full(N, 1.0 / N)
A = xp.asarray(G.A)
```

Then, instead of `reduce` calls we use appropriate reducing
functions from the Array API:

```python
h = h / xp.max(h)
# ...
h = h / xp.sum(xp.abs(h))
a = a / xp.sum(xp.abs(a))
# ...
err = xp.sum(xp.abs(...))
```

We replace custom binary operation with the Array API counterpart:

```python
...(x - xprev)
```

And last but not least, let's ensure that the result of the convergence

> condition is a scalar coming from our API:

Reviewer: I honestly don't understand this statement. `err` is an array, you are converting the r.h.s. to a 0D too, so `is_converged` function returns a 0D array, and `if is_converged(...)` relies on an automagic `bool(0D_array)` conversion. Which would also synchronize a device when run on a GPU.

Author: Here rhs and lhs are 0D arrays in the current form, and the result is a 0D so that it can be used as `if` condition.
We're outside of JIT compiled part (as explained in the previous comment) so we don't need to worry about synchronization.

(tutorial-basic)=

# Array API Tutorial

> In this tutorial we're going to show the migration from the array consumer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we're going to demonstrate how to migrate to the Array API from the array consumer's
```

point of view for a simple graph algorithm.

> The example presented here comes from [`graphblas-algorithms`](https://github.com/python-graphblas/graphblas-algorithms).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example presented here comes from the [`graphblas-algorithms`](https://github.com/python-graphblas/graphblas-algorithms).
```

> library. There we can find [the HITS algorithm](https://github.com/python-graphblas/graphblas-algorithms/blob/35dbc90e808c6bf51b63d51d8a63f59238c02975/graphblas_algorithms/algorithms/link_analysis/hits_alg.py#L9),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
library. In particular, we'll be migrating [the HITS algorithm](https://github.com/python-graphblas/graphblas-algorithms/blob/35dbc90e808c6bf51b63d51d8a63f59238c02975/graphblas_algorithms/algorithms/link_analysis/hits_alg.py#L9), which is
```

> used for the link analysis for estimating prominence in sparse networks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
used for the link analysis for estimating prominence in sparse networks, to be Array API compliant.
```

The inlined and slightly simplified (without "authority" feature)

> implementation looks like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
implementation looks similar to the following:
```

```python
def hits(G, max_iter=100, tol=1.0e-8, normalized=True):
    N = len(G)
    h = Vector(float, N, name="h")
    a = Vector(float, N, name="a")
    h << 1.0 / N
    # Power iteration: make up to max_iter iterations
    A = G._A
    hprev = Vector(float, N, name="h_prev")
    for _i in range(max_iter):
        hprev, h = h, hprev
        a << hprev @ A
        h << A @ a
        h *= 1.0 / h.reduce(monoid.max).get(0)
        if is_converged(hprev, h, tol):
            break
    else:
        raise ConvergenceFailure(max_iter)
    if normalized:
        h *= 1.0 / h.reduce().get(0)
        a *= 1.0 / a.reduce().get(0)
    return h, a

def is_converged(xprev, x, tol):
    xprev << binary.minus(xprev | x)
    xprev << unary.abs(xprev)
    return xprev.reduce().get(0) < xprev.size * tol
```

We can see that the API is specific to the GraphBLAS array object.

> There is `Vector` constructor, overloaded `<<` for assigning new values,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There is a `Vector` constructor, overloaded `<<` for assigning new values,
```

and `reduce`/`get` for reductions. We need to replace them, and, by convention,
we will use `xp` namespace for calling respective functions.

> First we want to make sure we construct arrays in an agnostic way:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, we want to make sure we construct arrays in an agnostic way:
```

```python
h = xp.full(N, 1.0 / N)
A = xp.asarray(G.A)
```

> Then, instead of `reduce` calls we use appropriate reducing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, instead of `reduce` calls, we will use appropriate reduction
```

functions from the Array API:

```python
h = h / xp.max(h)
# ...
h = h / xp.sum(xp.abs(h))
a = a / xp.sum(xp.abs(a))
# ...
err = xp.sum(xp.abs(...))
```

> We replace custom binary operation with the Array API counterpart:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We replace the custom binary operation with the Array API counterpart:
```

```python
...(x - xprev)
```

> And last but not least, let's ensure that the result of the convergence

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And finally, let's ensure that the result of the convergence
```

condition is a scalar coming from our API:

```python
err < xp.asarray(N * tol)
```

The rewrite is complete now, we can assemble all constituent parts into
a full implementation:

```python
def hits(G, max_iter=100, tol=1.0e-8, normalized=True):
    N = len(G)
    h = xp.full(N, 1.0 / N)
    A = xp.asarray(G.A)
    # Power iteration: make up to max_iter iterations
    for _i in range(max_iter):
        hprev = h
        a = hprev @ A
        h = A @ a
        h = h / xp.max(h)
        if is_converged(hprev, h, N, tol):
            break
    else:
        raise Exception("Didn't converge")
    if normalized:
        h = h / xp.sum(xp.abs(h))
        a = a / xp.sum(xp.abs(a))
    return h, a

def is_converged(xprev, x, N, tol):
    err = xp.sum(xp.abs(x - xprev))
    return err < xp.asarray(N * tol)
```

> At this point the actual execution depends only on `xp` namespace,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this point, the actual execution depends only on `xp` namespace,
```

> and replacing that one variable allow us to switch from e.g. NumPy arrays

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and replacing that one variable will allow us to switch from, e.g., NumPy arrays on the CPU
```

> to a JAX execution on a GPU. This lets us be more flexible, and, for example,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to JAX arrays for running on a GPU. This lets us be more flexible, and, for example,
```
